replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/release-notes/october-2022.md

- [CI configuration reference](/semgrep-ci/configuration-reference) now includes all environment variables for CI, their uses, and how to set them.
- [Getting started with Semgrep App](/deployment/core-deployment) now includes information about the last 10 supported versions of the Semgrep CLI.

> - [Running Semgrep in continuous integration (CI) with Semgrep App](/semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-with-semgrep-appsec-platform) now includes a new video Scanning code with Semgrep using GitHub Actions.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Running Semgrep in continuous integration (CI) with Semgrep App](/deployment/core-deployment) now includes a new video Scanning code with Semgrep using GitHub Actions.
```
